This is the story of a home of family game nights and living room dance recitals.
Wow, that was some storm.
It's also the story of an insurance company that offered information and advice to help prepare that home for the worst.
If it matters to you, Traveler's Insurance will help protect it.
Travelers, it's better under the umbrella.
Speak to an independent agent today.
In ancient China, a battle rages on, and a general comes up with a daring maneuver.
Then we travel to Athens, Georgia to take a look at the portal to hell and a staircase that leads nowhere.
Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
I'm your host Jason Carvener. I'm having a great day.
I hope you guys are having a great day too. Don't forget Thanksgiving, 12 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time. We're going to do a live stream episode on YouTube, a totally live episode.
I'm going to be on a little bit earlier to talk to you guys after the episode.
We'll continue the conversation, answer any questions, just kind of chat.
If you guys don't go to the YouTube, don't worry.
I'm going to upload that as a podcast episode later than night on Thursday.
And then I'm not going to do an episode on Friday. That's going to be a little break.
Those live episodes take a lot out of me, honestly.
It takes a lot to sit in front of a webcam.
It takes a lot to have to talk and know you're not going to be able to edit it.
It's what it is. It's kind of draining as a performer.
But I like spending that time with you, and we did the last Thanksgiving.
It was totally awesome. And I know this Thanksgiving, it's even.
I don't, it's so important. I don't even have to pronounce the G at the end.
This Thanksgiving, not everyone can be with their family.
So let's be a family together and tune into that live stream or listen to it later.
But I'm sure maybe you have a family that loves you and you can spend time with them.
Still listen to the, listen to the episode.
But speaking of someone who does love you, let's give a round of applause to our newest Patreon supporter, Kim So-Raw.
Kim So-Raw is walking in. She's blowing kisses to everyone.
Oh, you caught one. Oh, that's pretty cute.
Kim, you're going to be our captain or pilot of this episode.
You can't support the Patreon. Totally understand. Just help spread the word about the show.
That is a way you can also help out the show.
So I turn around and Kim So-Raw already has a patch and a peg leg and like a bird.
I don't know, I don't know how she's snuck in with all this stuff, but she's in full pirate gear and that's perfect.
Because we are taking the dead rabbit dreadnought.
So let's get her in the captain's perch and we are all sitting on the, the, the wood.
We're just sitting on the wood of the ship as it sets sail to ancient China.
[Exhales]
We have to have a warship because we are headed into a battle zone.
So everyone's sharpening their knives the whole time, getting ready, making shields, tearing the bow, tearing the wood of the boat apart.
They're like, "Look, I made a bunch of shields as we're sinking."
But it's okay. We're almost there.
Now I found out about this story from Noyce Poetry.
So I wanted to give a shout out to Noyce Poetry for bringing this story to my attention.
That's really, really awesome.
The year is 623 AD.
[Groans]
And then like Zack Snyder Rock music starts playing and you're like Jason explain the same first.
Just don't make grunting noises and then add a soundtrack.
What it is, it's old timey.
So it's all like sepia tone, but like red and stuff because you know, there's the sun.
It's a army of nomads coming over the hills.
[Groans]
Now you guys get the visual right? They're moving all slow.
Generals like, "Dude, we could run in slow motion. We got a battle to fight."
These are members of the Tuyan Kingdom and they've had their eyes on the Gansu province.
Are they ready to take it?
I don't know why nomads have a kingdom, but the kingdom constantly moves.
The castle, they're like, "Where do we put the castle?"
It's over there now.
This army of nomads lay siege to the Gansu province.
Now the Gansu province was territory of the Tang Dynasty.
And the emperor sitting back at home and he's like, "Hey, did you hear that rock music?"
I'm pretty sure he got invaded. I heard rock music and the generals are like, "Yeah, we heard that too. It was pretty bitchin'.
So the emperor sends out General Chai Shao to go there, to go to Gansu and say, "You're really a general. You can kind of think outside the box."
General Chai takes his army out to meet them at Gansu province.
But see, the nomads have been there for so long and it's kind of a hilly area that when the Tang troops get there, they're just getting picked off by arrows.
The nomads have a high ground. They've got a whole bunch of arrows. They prepared for this.
They didn't just bring one. They're recycling. They prepared for this.
So they're just picking off troops constantly. General Chai is like, "Okay."
Because I need to take that hill, but it's pretty well defended.
I got all these men here, but I think I'm going to need to send in a special strike team.
Some time passes. And the nomads are on the top of the hill. They got their arrows ready.
They're waiting for these troops to make another move.
But the troops aren't making a move. Instead, an elite task force of only three soldiers are moving behind enemy lines.
As the nomads are in their battle formation, just in case the Tang forces advance again, behind them, they hear...
[singing]
And they're like, "Okay, that's not a joke. That's not as excited a joke. That's actual music playing."
And a couple of the nomads turn around to see where the music's coming from. And on a hill, overlooking the Nomad camp are three figures.
One of them has a little guitar. Technically, it's called a pipa. But if you guys get it, it's a string instrument.
[singing]
But that's not what's keeping the nomads' attention.
Nomads like, "Hey, look at...look what's up on that hill." And another guy turns around and is like, "Oh my God."
Because what is on the top of the hill is not only a do with a pipa, but two super hot chicks dancing sexy.
They're all rubbing up on each other. They're getting...I'm not making that up to be sleetious either.
They were doing an erotic dance with each other to the sound of...
[singing]
You might have had a better tune than that. The nomads see these two hot women bumping and grinding a dude with a little guitar playing a song,
and they're absolutely mesmerized by the beauty, the sheer eroticism of this moment.
And in that moment, you're kind of lost, right? Maybe you haven't seen a woman in 30 years. You're a nomad. You keep forgetting where you put the women.
But as you're watching these women, you start to hear noises. You start to hear noises about 4,000 men behind you.
[singing]
It seems to get a little closer. You're still mesmerized by this awesome sight you're seeing. Maybe about 800 men behind you.
Stop looking at...Pay attention!
No, no, the people are still watching this. General Chai slaughtered 500 men, because the majority of them were staring at hot chicks.
Now, there was more than 500 men there. He's just...that's all he could do. He's like, "Oh, my arm's cramping up, guys. Let's take a break."
We should have stretched before this massacre. The rest of them ran away. I would be furious, dude.
First off, I'd be furious that I was so far back in the crowd that I couldn't see the girls. I just see two kind of like feminine shaped blurry objects.
I'm like, "Is that a mirage? Are those two palm trees like knocking up against each other in the wind?"
I'd be mad that I don't have a good front seat view. Secondly, I'd be mad that as the arrow is going through my neck,
I see the guys in front of me still hanging out with these chicks, still trying to get their phone number, still trying to invent a phone and the number system, just so they can get their phone number.
I'd be super mad that my compatriots, my countrymen were so thirsty that 500 dudes got killed, and then the rest just ran away.
So that is the story of General Chai, his ultimate secret weapon. They should use this in war more often.
But here's my question. When I was telling this story, I kind of paused. Did he bring the two hot chicks with him?
Like, was General Chai lead this army out into the middle of nowhere, into Gansi province? Sorry if you live there. I'm sure it's a lovely place.
I heard they have great entertainment, but he's leading this army out there and the whole time, like his sergeants were like, "Dude, we are well stocked for the war," and General Chai's like, "Yes."
The sergeants were like, "But I do have a question about them!" And on the horse, the next one was, "Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude." And there's two chicks dancing on the horse.
And General Chai's like, "Listen, I don't know. I need them. I might not. We may get there. The nomads may not be prepared. We take them by surprise."
Or they could be on a hill shooting arrows at us. The sergeants were like, "That's a weird contingency plan."
But that is why he was a general and the other guy was a sergeant. He could think two steps ahead.
Kim, so raw. Let's go ahead and hop in the carbonar copter. We're gonna get you in the pilot seat of that.
You're still wearing your pirate costume. Might be a little hard with a patch in your eye to fly an advanced helicopter.
But I'm sure you will do a great job. We are leaving behind Gansi province in China. We are headed out to Athens, Georgia.
Georgia. It's a long trip. The whole time and practicing my dance moves. I'm making you play
a guitar and...You're like, my fingers are bleeding. I'm dancing in front of you. C'mon
man keep dancing. Is this distracting you? You're like, "It's annoying me" is what it's
doing. We're flying out to Athens, Georgia and I want you to fly over there. I'm kind
of pointing out the helicopter as I'm still wiggling. I want you to fly over there and
we're flying over and we see in Georgia, off the Atlanta highway is a hobby lobby. And
standing outside that store is a young man named Tyler. Now I recently had an interview.
I recently was interviewed by a journalist about podcasts and how they find sources, how
they verify sources, how they cite sources. It was kind of behind the scenes, podcasting
thing like that, ethics in sourcing. And Tyler was the one who was writing that article and
interviewed me with them. He posted that on Reddit looking for interviews so I went
through his Reddit history because I think that's kind of what everyone does. And I
saw that he also had posted about something known as the portal of hell. So I said, "Tell
you what young man, I'll make you a trade. I will do your interview for you, but I want
to hear your story about the portal of hell." So as we're flying over this location in Georgia,
we see Tyler waving at us and Kimso Ross getting ready to land and I'm like, "No, no,
we're not actually going to land on this story." Just kind of hover here and Tyler's like
shucking his shoulders down there. This is an interesting story, but I don't really
want to go too in depth to it, but it's a good gateway for our next story. So we're
sure we'll leave Tyler hanging out down there. He packed a lunch. He packed a whole picnic
for us. In Georgia off the Atlanta highway, there is a location known as the portal of
hell or hell's gate. It's behind the Hobby Lobby. Oh no, no, no, no, no. It's actually
behind Beach Haven Baptist Church. Or does it exist at all? This is an interesting story,
but it's just a little bite-sized story. There's an old spooky house in this area that was
built in 1910. And supposedly, and I read this, I read a bunch of sources on this. Tyler
told me a version of this story, I read other versions of this story. There's an altar
in the backyard. There's rumors of Satan worshipers, KKK members running the house. There's a
naked guy on a horse, which puts the other two groups to shame, right? Like Satanists,
yeah, you know whatever, the little cliche, KKK, again, little cliche. Naked guy on a
horse. That's pretty dope. You can touch a tree out there, it bleeds. The reason why
we're not landing for this story is because this is a typical urban legend in a town,
a spooky house in a location off the beaten track. So it's not at the Hobby Lobby. You
don't walk into Hobby Lobby and it's there. It's like behind the Hobby Lobby. And even
the fact that they can't really agree on, because I read a bunch of different sources
on this, they can't agree on the location, also adds the idea that this is probably a
story crafted around a location than a location having a story organically. But every neighborhood
has one of these houses. Every neighborhood has the spooky house. What's interesting about
this house is two things. One, it's very well known. If I tried finding spooky houses in
my hometown or your hometown or whatever, unless it's Amityville, you're gonna have
a hard time finding a lot of resources on this. There were so many resources on the
portal of hell in Georgia that there was enough to start contradicting each other. All these
different legends people had heard growing up. They're posting them on Reddit, they're
posting them on these websites. So although that was interesting, normally they don't
get so famous they have multiple mentions across the websites. But then something else
is going on and Tyler keyed me in on this and when he was talking about it, my eyebrow
kind of raised, the house is now private property and they're going to demolish it or renovate
the entire area to build some sort of park. To preserve the area. And the reason why that
raised my eyebrow, it's probably the same reason why it should have raised your eyebrow,
we've talked about this a lot of times on the show. Places that have a reputation for
being haunted. Being purchased by the local government or a group of outside interests
like the dark entity or the dark entity association bought that place in Connecticut. We've seen
this happen several times. The US government built a base around the hole that Charles
Manson was going to go in after Helter Skelter, which he believe led to paradise under earth.
There's a lot of different examples where these places that are supposedly haunted or
have some sort of power, the government buys it up and they are looking at this. I saw that
they did fill out budgetary concerns to do all this stuff. But I wouldn't be surprised
if this goes on for years and years and years and they never do anything with the area and
it's just a cordoned off area that they can say, "Oh, no trespassing, this is actually
county property. We're going to be building something here, it's not safe." And they just
keep it that way for 10, 15, 20 years and the legend grows. Which would make me think
that there may be something actually behind the portal of hell as far as a paranormal activity
goes. Or you have government officials who just like riding in their horses naked and
that's the safest place to do it. Listen to that, you want to know what's shocking though
outside of Saint worshippers riding horses naked to fix this area up for a park, $13
million. If you gave me $13 million I would give every person in Georgia a piggyback ride.
That's funner than a park. Now Kim, go ahead and pick up Tyler, put him in the carbon
decopter, he has a picnic lunch ready for us, we are headed out to a truly terrifying story
in Athens, Georgia. Pretty sure the portal of hell was on the outskirts of Athens, Georgia,
I don't think it was in the city proper. But now we are actually in Athens, Georgia, we're
headed to the University of Georgia. So I hope you guys brought your schoolbooks, I
hope you guys brought your scantrons. We all hop out of the carbon decopter, we're walking
around the University of Georgia. This was the other story Tyler told me and this was
one that again had a ton of sources on, really good source of information for this type of
stuff. Really weird one. We're going to let Kim lead the way though, we're going to let
Kim lead the way with a flashlight, we're walking through the darkness, we're sneaking
onto campus, it's night, we're headed to Joe Brown Hall. Open the door, it's all spooky.
Actually the hall is not spooky itself, it's just one part of it, I'm sure the door is
automated. But anyways we're walking through Joe Brown Hall. Joe Brown Hall is just another
building on campus. Dorm rooms, teachers offices, there's a little debate about that. We'll
put a pin in that for right now. But it's a typical college building. Now according
to Carol Bishop, she's the archival assistant of the Special Collections Library and she
also runs a ghost tour here at University of Georgia. In 1971, Thanksgiving break, ooh
I didn't realize it's super close. There's a student, he's the only one in the dorms.
Everyone else has gone for student break, he wanted to stay home and play pong or something.
Whatever he did back in 1971 for fun. Just sit there, inanimate, that's what they love
to do. But something went wrong, deadly wrong, because after Thanksgiving break people come
back and they're like oh that was so good, I ate all that turkey. They're walking into
school and there is this student, this nameless student hanging in his door room. Super gross,
right? He'd been hanging for three or four days and when the janitors came everyone's
like I'll manage to say Thanksgiving. Throwing it up, stove top stuff in everywhere. The
janitors come in, the cleaning crew comes in and they said it was so gross and so gory.
They don't matter how much they tried cleaning up the blood, cleaning up the body fluids,
all this stuff, they could never get all the stains out, they couldn't get the smell out.
It had been three days, hold your questions guys, hold your questions. It had been three
whole days according to Carol Bishop or maybe five, doesn't matter. It was so stinky that
they just said we can't do this anymore. So the doorway to his dorm room, they walled
in. But there's a curious little reminder of this story, there's actually a staircase
in Joe Brown Hall that dead ends to a wall. That is the story of the staircase to nowhere.
Or is it? No it's not. There's more to the story, there's more to the story because I'll
tell you this right now. I used to work at a crematory, bodies can start smelling, bodies
will smell after five days and they'll get all gory and goopy and stuff like that. But
not to the point that you couldn't clean them up. Like unless they had, oh it was the 70s,
maybe they had really thick shag carpet. I'm gonna bet dollars to donuts that you could
clean up five day old gore. I'd almost be certain of that. I'm not saying it would be
the place people would want to live in their door room, yippee! I got the tragedy room,
but you could do it. If you had your choice between eliminating a room and walling it
up and plastering it over or just spending a weekend scrubbing and ripping out carpet
and tile and stuff like that, it doesn't make sense. But that's why that story actually
is not true. That story is not true. There's another version of the story that I found multiple
times online. There was a police cadet at the time. He was working at the police academy
and one of the things they do to the new cadets is they make him look at really gross photos.
Make him look at like people popping pimples, people pulling slivers out underneath their
fingernails and cops are like "Oh, is this disgusting? Does this have anything to do
with their job?" The chiefs are like "No, I just have a fetish for watching young men
have disgusting looks on their faces." That's my thing. He says that an unknown year, he
said "I don't remember the year it happened. I remember seeing the photos and I remember
being told this story. It was late summer. It was around August, was this guy's story.
There was a professor who had a staircase that led right into his office in Joe Brownhall.
He was also an avid fan of autoerotic affixiation. If you don't know what that is, you don't
have to hang yourself, but it's where you cut off the supply of oxygen to your brain
as you're masturbating and then right before you, orgasm, for lack of a better word, there's
a lot of words. I don't have a lack of a word, but in polite company, right before you orgasm
you'll stop choking yourself and the blood goes back into your brain and it's this supposedly
amazing rush. I never tried it. You should be evident I'm still alive. It's super dangerous,
it can kill you and maybe you just start off using your hand, but eventually it's August
of an unknown year and you're tying a noose because that's how a lot of people do it.
That's how the leasing of in excess died. That's how Kung Fu died, David Carradine.
You have, it's super dangerous. So the idea is this professor really left autoerotic affixiation
when he messed up and he hung there for anywhere from a few weeks to a full month. Now we're
cooking with bodily fluids, right? After a couple weeks, you're going to have a really
hard time getting that smell out. You're going to have a really, really hard time getting
that smell out. I mean, again, five days isn't going to be easy. I'm not going to be like,
what? No, why? They can happen here. It doesn't smell so bad. As it sits and it soaks and it
gets all gory and more elements of the decay are coming in and the blood turns black and
all that stuff. It gets super, super thick. He basically was mel- It was like if you were
holding a popsicle on a rope on a hot day. You probably didn't need that visual, but
he was just melting out of the noose. So it's George's summers. So it's getting extra boiling
in there. You guys like, take it Jason. I'm eating a pot pie right now. Can you stop talking
about this? Okay, sure, sure. And so for, there is no way they were going to get that
smell out. They tried over and over again. This cop said he had actually heard that they
sent in firefighters with scuba tanks on and even they were throwing up, which would be
hilarious to watch a scuba tank throw up. Hopefully it was one of those big old timey
ones with like the glass viewpoint, the big ball heading, just see it filling up with
puke. You're like, Jason, I'm still eating my pot pie. I'm still eating my pot pie.
Sorry. I should think we're done. So anyways, that was that story and I've seen that story
go around as well. Now what's interesting is there are parts of the story that are
true. The main part of the story, like the portal to hell, people can't even really agree
where the building's at. Joe Brown Hall does have a staircase that leads to nowhere. It
leads to a dead end and I'll actually post a photo on my Twitter and my Instagram because
I want you guys to see it. Somebody painted an infinite doorway on the wall. It's really
cool looking. So it's like you get to the top of the stairs and you're just looking down
infinity. It's that what is it? The Kruger effect or something like that where you can
see the image keep getting reflected farther than farther than that. Really cool. It's
true. There is a staircase leading to a wall. Your mind thinks obviously that's not a design
quirk. There must have been something behind that wall. But you're hearing the story about
the student who, in the version that I read from Carol, it wasn't implied that it was
autoerotic affixiation. It wasn't specifically stated as suicide either. So maybe she was
keeping it clean for the students. The police cadet goes, "Oh no, the dude was checking
off." But the big difference was it was a professor in his office and it was in August
in this hot August sun for a week or a month. The other one was a cold Georgia Thanksgiving
break. Let's give a shout out to PHP Apple and Gaius Julius Kaiser. They actually did
a lot of digging on this. They were posting this on Reddit. Really found the truth behind
this story. March 2nd, 1972, they found the article, they found the exact date that will
tell us what happened behind that wall. 26 year old University of Georgia student Stanley
Park Haddock hung himself in his dorm room. He'd only been up there for a few days. But
the reason why the cops don't think it was a suicide was because his pants were down
around his ankles. So they're looking at it and they're going, "This is weird. It's
super weird. Like we've seen it before, autoerotic affixiation happens." But it's also possible
that maybe he hated pants. He hated pants so he wanted to take them off and commit suicide.
But there's an odd clue in this story. When Tyler told me it, I was like, "What are you
talking about? I didn't say that to him." He's like, "And then they found." And I was
like, "What? I'm thinking, okay, what does that mean?" But when I read it in context
I was like, "Oh, okay. Now I know what Tyler was trying to say." Not only did they find
a dead man hanging with his pants around his ankles, they found donuts. I was like, "Who
cares if they found donuts?" But apparently this was the clue. This is why I'm not a police
officer. When the police walked in, they found this guy hanging with his pants around his
ankles. They found fresh donuts. Well, they wore fresh when he bought them five days ago,
but they found new donuts. And they're so funny. This is what the cops thought. And this is
true. They thought no one would ever buy fresh donuts and then kill themselves because donuts
were hands down the most delicious food out there. There is no one on earth who would
come home with a dozen donuts, set them down and goes, "Now my story is over. The saga
of me comes to an end." You'd eat the donuts and then you'd feel better and then everything
in life would go on. That was their clue. The pants around the ankles you could figure
out, I don't know, maybe he was, maybe he borrowed his big brother's jeans, but the
donuts, the brand new donuts made them think that he had actually accidentally killed himself
doing an autoerotic asphyxiation. It's tragic. I think it's an interesting story and we
are walking out of there with the donut. Stanley is looking down on us as a ghost
he's waving to us. He's eating ghost donuts. So everything worked out okay. But as we're
walking down the staircase and we're eating donuts, something still doesn't sit right
with me with this story. Even though this is a true story, I don't think that's what's
behind the wall. Hear me out. Nowhere in that article that I read did they say, and then
the maintenance crew sealed up his dorm room. No one would ever get in there again. They
just said on March 2nd, which again, very good weather. You're not going to have massive
levels of super stinky decay. Again, I'm not saying you want a dead body in your house
for five days. What I'm saying is that's not a level where you would never be able to
clean it up. Nowhere in the article does it say that they sealed it up. This is my theory.
That yes, that story is true. That Stanley did have a horrible accident and accidentally
killed himself. But I don't think that's what's behind that wall of that staircase. Because
I've been in a lot of dorm rooms in my life and I've never seen one that has a staircase
for a single room. I mean, you gotta be like cock of the block if you're like, "See you
guys later, you're walking up the stairs to your room." That doesn't make sense. And
what's interesting is when Tyler first told me this story, he said, and I might be misquoting
him, but I believe this is what I heard, he said that behind that walled up door is an
entire hallway, which I would think would imply there's other multiple rooms back there.
That makes sense. The idea of a stairway going to just one room, you have an entire floor
dedicated to one room, it doesn't make sense. I think that the story of Stanley is true
and that story has been transported to answer the mystery of what that staircase leads
to. When in fact, that's not true. Now, Stanley's room could have been one of the several rooms
in that hall. But if you have one room that's super stinky and as a college you want to
maximize the people on your campus, are you going to shut down an entire floor, half a
floor, a wing, because one room's super stinky? Give them a discount, give those kids a discount.
You figure a way to take care of that without shutting off access to an entire wing. There's
no way that door only leads to one room. It doesn't make sense from a design standpoint.
They want to shut all these rooms down just because it's stank. They definitely want to
keep it shut down all this time. It happened back in 1972. You can get out smell, you can
wipe away gore, you can clean up messes. But let's put on our conspiracy caps here and
wrap the episode up like this. One thing that's hard to get rid of is paranormal activity.
Exorcist or not, sage, cleansings, anything like that, salt. If something's powerful
enough, if something wants to stay long enough, it's not going to leave. Someone complains
about the smell, you can cover up the smell. Someone wakes up in the middle of the night
and there's a 24 year old man standing at the foot of their bed. How do you deal with
that complaint? Some kid's doing his homework late at night, has his headphones on, and
starts to feel like something's different in the room. And doesn't realize that just
inches behind him, there's a face staring at the back of his head. In the shower room,
you think you're alone until you hear wet footsteps walking behind you. These are things
that no cleanup crew can take care of. Now would be a reason why you would seal off an
entire wing. So if you ever find yourself in Athens, Georgia, I dare you to try to find
out what's behind that bricked up door. Sure, there's another access point. A window you
can scurry through, a heating vent for John McClain, you can pop through the heating vent.
And you'll find yourself in a darkened hallway that no living human has been in for almost
50 years. Sealed off from the world. Moonlight coming in through a window that people have
not glanced out of for decades. And while you're in this dark hallway, you have your
sage, you have your crucifix, you're ready for anything. But then you smell a familiar
smell. A smell that reminds you of happiness. You turn around and see a box of fresh donuts
sitting in the darkness in front of you. You know your time is up. You know that this
spirit is about to take you into the shadow realm. But at least before you die, you get
to eat a donut. You get to eat a ghost donut and then you die.
(upbeat music)
(bright music)